Add mission statement(s) for knative/eventing. Also serves as working… (#1314)
knative/eventing: docs/mission.md

# Knative Eventing Mission Statements

## 10-word version

Enable asynchronous application development through event delivery from anywhere.

## 25-word version

Knative/Eventing offers a consistent, Kubernetes-based platform for reliable, secure and scalable asynchronous event delivery from packaged or app-created event sources to on-cluster and off-cluster consumers.

## Full Mission Statement

The Knative Eventing mission focuses on three areas: Developer Experience, Event Delivery, and Event Sourcing. The primary focus is Developer experience around event driven applications; event delivery and sourcing provide infrastructure which enables the developer experience to scale to complex applications.

By leveraging open standards and infrastructure (such as CloudEvents and Kubernetes), Knative Eventing provides a robust and extensible ecosystem which accommodates interoperability between open and closed-source frameworks and services.

> **Developer Experience:** Enable developers to write, maintain, and support event driven applications by sourcing events from other systems and events from their own systems with a uniform experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Developer Experience:** Enable developers to write, maintain, and support event driven applications by providing a uniform experience when sourcing events from either their own systems and external systems.
```

(mostly trying to remove the "events from" repetition.)

> **Developer Experience:** Enable developers to write, maintain, and support event driven applications by providing a uniform experience when sourcing events from either their own systems and external systems.

Reviewer 2: do we want to say something about consumption? By standardizing on Cloud Events, we have been trying to also address the developer experience for consumption of events.

Author: yes, added language around consumption and sending events.

> **Event Delivery:** Provide an implementation of event delivery infrastructure, accompanied by a well documented specification. Enable a pluggable architecture for the event delivery mechanism so that developers and operators can choose the correct event delivery substrate for their requirements.

Reviewer 2: 'documented specification'. I think we should also provide conformance tests to accompany the spec?

Author: added reference to conformance tests.
